Subject: ChatGPT As an OCR For PDFs: Your ETL Engine for Data Analysis | David Leibowitz in Towards AI
Sender: Medium Daily Digest
Received Time: 2024-06-17 07:40:24.216000+00:00
Body:   

  

Stories for Marwane Kassa  

@marwane.kassa  ·Become a member  

  



Today's highlights



 

  

David Leibowitz   in Towards AI  ·

14 min read

  

 

ChatGPT As an OCR For PDFs: Your ETL Engine for Data Analysis

Coding in English at the speed of thought

 

  

Ignacio de Gregorio  ·

9 min read

  

 

My Thoughts on Apple Intelligence

Leveling the Stakes & Betraying the Essence

 

  

Alex Pauken   in Ai-Ai-OH  ·

4 min read

  

 

No, you aren’t going to make millions selling AI-generated children’s books…

some kid and some dog chasing after a ball or whatever (made by me in Midjourney)

 

  

Grant Piper  ·

5 min read

  

 

Why Can’t Robots Click The “I’m Not a Robot” Box On Websites?

Clicking a tiny box tells Google all they need to know about your humanity

 

  

Matthias Dittrich   in UX Planet  ·

5 min read

 

Stop designing chat-based AI tools.

It is time to evolve AI tools beyond prompt-based interfaces and consider new mental models.

 

  

Andrew Zuo  ·

5 min read

  

 

Google Doesn’t Appreciate Flutter

Another day, another, “Is Google going to kill Flutter post?” It’s almost comical at this point:

 

  

Woyera  ·

6 min read

  

 

How I use the new GPT-4o on my own files with Python!

If you’ve kept up with current AI news you will know that OpenAI just recently released their most advanced…

 

  

Rachel Greenberg   in Entrepreneurship Handbook  ·

8 min read

  

 

A Secret Airbnb Scam Cracked the Code to 7-Figure Marketing

This award-winning business duped even the most qualified critics and proved how one word can make (or cost…

 

  

Chedy Smaoui  ·

8 min read

 

How I code a Python Stock Screener & A.I. Sentiment Analysis to pick stocks.

Finding stocks to invest in can be a long and tedious process. What if we used both A.I. and Python to create…

 

  

Alan Jones   in Towards Data Science  ·

13 min read

  

 

From Data to Visualization with the OpenAI Assistants API and GPT-4o

We explore the Code Completion tool from OpenAI’s Assistants API to create visualizations directly from data

 

  

Afan Khan   in JavaScript in Plain English  ·

6 min read

  

 

Microsoft is ditching React

Here’s why Microsoft considers React a mistake for Edge.

 

  

Hasan Ali Naqvi  ·

4 min read

  

 

How We Revolutionized Information Extraction using LLMs in Just Two Weeks!

Introduction

 

  

Yuma Ueno  ·

6 min read

 

Who is Pieter Levels, an entrepreneur who earns $300 million a year by…

Hello! I’m Yuma Ueno( from Japan. I’m into AI Industry, and runnning my own…

 

  

Stephen Moore  ·

6 min read

  

 

Social Media’s Death Spiral

The slow yet steady destruction of these once-wonderful platforms is almost complete

 

  

Hayk Simonyan   in Level Up Coding  ·

5 min read

 

API Design 101: From Basics to Best Practices

API design, from the basics to best practices.



See more of what you like and less of what you don’t.



Control your recommendations  



Read from anywhere.



  

  

Sent by Medium  ·Medium, 548 Market St, PMB 42061, San Francisco, CA 94104

Unsubscribe   from this type of email·Switch to the Weekly Digest  ·Careers  ·Help Center  ·Privacy Policy  ·Terms of service  

  

