Subject: Text-to-SQL LLM Applications: Prompt Injections | Ian Ho in Towards Data Science
Sender: Medium Daily Digest
Received Time: 2024-06-16 07:40:37.341000+00:00
Body:   

  

Stories for Marwane Kassa  

@marwane.kassa  ·Become a member  

  



Today's highlights



 

  

Ian Ho   in Towards Data Science  ·

8 min read

  

 

Text-to-SQL LLM Applications: Prompt Injections

Learn how your Text-to-SQL LLM app may be vulnerable to Prompt Injections, and mitigation measures you could…

 

  

zhaozhiming   in Generative AI  ·

12 min read

  

 

Advanced RAG Retrieval Strategies: Hybrid Retrieval

There is an old Chinese saying: “兼听则明，偏信则暗”. This means that to correctly understand something, you need to…

 

  

Valentina Alto   in Microsoft Azure  ·

20 min read

  

 

Introducing GraphRAG with LangChain and Neo4j

Part 2: Implementing and evaluating a GraphRAG application

 

  

A B Vijay Kumar  ·

5 min read

 

Multi-Agent Architectures

Multi-Agent systems are LLM applications that are changing the automation landscape with intelligent bots.

 

  

Angelina Yang  ·

3 min read

  

 

How to Integrate Knowledge Graph to Your RAG Systems?

In the ever-evolving landscape of natural language processing (NLP), the integration of knowledge graphs…

 

  

Björn Runåker  ·

13 min read

  

 

Unlocking the Power of Language Models: Combining LiteLLM and vLLM for Highly…

Introduction In the rapidly developing landscape of artificial intelligence, harnessing the capabilities of…

 

  

Mark OBrien  ·

10 min read

  

 

Mastering RAG: Local Intelligent Apps with Langchain & Ollama

Full code available on Github. Today we’re going to walk through implementing your own local LLM RAG app…

 

  

Xinran Ma   in Bootcamp  ·

4 min read

 

How to create hand-drawn like diagrams with AI

Speed up the process to under a minute

 

  

Edwindoit  ·

5 min read

 

Killer apps to organize your digital workspace — 2024 edition

This is the digital setup I use to be more effective in 2024. The purpose of my workspace is to optimize…

 

  

Willem Koenders   in ZS Associates  ·

16 min read

 

From data to decisions: Leveraging Generative AI and data products

Abhinav Batra and I were invited to speak at the Pharma SOS Conference. Learn more about our favorite topics…

 

  

Joe Procopio   in Entrepreneurship Handbook  ·

6 min read

  

 

The Tech Industry Has Stopped Building Things Customers Want

Consumers and business don’t want new technology, they want the benefits of new technology

 

  

Aniket Hingane  ·

10 min read

  

 

Cognita : A Truly Unified RAG Framework : Part 1

Seamlessly Parse, Precisely Retrieve, Intelligently Generate & Effortlessly Deploy, let’s go…

 

  

Yeyu Huang   in Level Up Coding  ·

7 min read

  

 

How to Implement a Simple UI for CrewAI applications

A Quick Tutorial of CrewAI + Streamlit

 

  

Ling Huang  ·

12 min read

  

 

Recommendation Systems using LLM, Part 3

The e-commerce recommendation system (Recommend System, RecSys) is a personalized system based on users’…

 

  

Aaron Dinin, PhD   in The Startup  ·

4 min read

  

 

Are You Accidentally Building the Second Hardest Type of Startup?

Most people don’t even realize the problem until it’s too late



See more of what you like and less of what you don’t.



Control your recommendations  



Read from anywhere.



  

  

Sent by Medium  ·Medium, 548 Market St, PMB 42061, San Francisco, CA 94104

Unsubscribe   from this type of email·Switch to the Weekly Digest  ·Careers  ·Help Center  ·Privacy Policy  ·Terms of service  

  

