Subject: Be part of a better internet. 20% off Medium membership for a limited time
Sender: Medium
Received Time: 2024-06-14 17:05:02.819000+00:00
Body: 	Vous ne recevez pas souvent de courriers de la part de hello@medium.com. Découvrez pourquoi cela est important  

	

The internet is broken. It’s flooded with ads, spam, misinformation, disinformation, division, and hate. But it doesn’t have to be that way.



  	 

  	 

Hi Marwane,



The internet is broken. It’s flooded with ads, spam, misinformation, disinformation, division, and hate.



But it doesn’t have to be that way. There is a healthy way to talk to each other that inspires, informs, empowers, and brings people together.



Join more than one million members to support a better place on the internet. Membership is 20% off during our summer membership campaign, now until August 17.

Join Medium   	

At Medium, we say our purpose is to “deepen your understanding of the world.”



If you're like us, if you're curious, if you're hungry to deepen your understanding of your world, if you think we can do better than the current standard of how the internet works, then now is an important time to invest in yourself and us.



Imagine a place that:



*	Respects your time, free from ads and spam

*	Recommends the most informed writers, not the loudest

*	Protects you from a deluge of spam, fraud, and AI-generated content

*	Promotes deeper understanding, not misunderstanding or division

*	Rewards writers to do even more of the hard work of researching and articulating their ideas and knowledge.



That's Medium. Our members are helping us build it. Won't you join us?



Be part of a better internet.

– The team at Medium





To redeem this offer on the App Store   or Google Play  , please update your Medium app to the latest version. This promotion is available June 10-August 17, 2024, and the promotional price is available for up to one year of membership. For iOS users only: If you’ve previously had a free trial or discounted membership, you’ll need to use the web version of Medium to redeem this discount, or contact us. Need help? Click here to submit a request to Medium Support  . 

	

Sent by Medium   - 548 Market St, PMB 42061, San Francisco, CA 94104

Unsubscribe   - Help center   - Privacy policy  

  

