Subject: We’re introducing new terms on the use of Miro AI features
Sender: The Miro Team
Received Time: 2024-06-17 23:51:38.256000+00:00
Body: 	Vous ne recevez pas souvent de courriers de la part de no-reply@e.miro.com. Découvrez pourquoi cela est important  

	

Learn more about changes we're introducing on July 17, 2024. 

͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   ͏ ‌   

  	



We’re introducing new terms on the use of Miro AI features



On July 17, 2024, we’re introducing a new AI Features Addendum   that will supplement the agreement you have with Miro. We’re also updating the Miro Privacy Policy  . These changes make it easier for you to understand what to expect from Miro as you use our AI features, such as Miro Assist.



	

You can review the new terms here  . At a glance, these updates explain:



•	 How Miro uses inputs you provide and output generated by Miro AI features.



•	 Ownership of output generated by Miro’s AI features.



•	 Limitations associated with the quickly-evolving technologies that underpin Miro AI features.



	

You don't have to do anything to accept these changes. By continuing to use Miro after July 17th you are agreeing to the new terms. If you have questions check the FAQ below.



	



AI Features Addendum FAQ



We don’t train generative AI with your board content. Miro relies on commercially available models (such as developed by OpenAI) as well as open-source models that are trained with licensed data and public domain content where copyright has expired. Miro may use usage data and other meta data to improve your product experience and develop features like diagramming and sticky clustering.



	

You can choose not to participate in our AI feature improvement efforts. We currently don’t use your input into and output from Miro AI features to improve our product. If we intend to change our training approach, we will inform you upfront.



	

You own your board content. No license granted to Miro to operate its services will supersede your ownership rights.



	

Thank you for using Miro! 

The Miro Team



	

You have received this mandatory email service announcement to update you about important changes in connection with Miro’s Terms of Service. You are a subject to Miro's Terms of Service because you have an account with Miro. 



Please do not reply to this email, as we are unable to respond from this email address. If you need support, please visit Miro’s Help Center  . 	

This email was sent to marwane.kassa@centrale-casablanca.ma <mailto:marwane.kassa@centrale-casablanca.ma> . 	

  	

Miro, 201 Spear St., Suite 1100

San Francisco, CA 94105, United States 	

Help Center    |  Privacy Policy   	

	

  

