Subject: dbt 1.8 it is just wow | Charles Verleyen in Astrafy
Sender: Medium Daily Digest
Received Time: 2024-06-19 07:40:22.782000+00:00
Body:   

  

Stories for Marwane Kassa  

@marwane.kassa  ·Become a member  

  



Today's highlights



 

  

Charles Verleyen   in Astrafy  ·

8 min read

 

dbt 1.8 it is just wow

Introduction

 

  

Vishal Rajput   in AIGuys  ·

11 min read

  

 

Prompt Engineering Is Dead: DSPy Is New Paradigm For Prompting

DSPy Paradigm: Let’s program — not prompt — LLMs

 

  

Aaron Dinin, PhD   in Entrepreneurship Handbook  ·

5 min read

  

 

What If a Half-Billion-Dollar Startup Exit Isn’t as Great as You Think?

Every aspiring entrepreneur should learn the real math of a startup exit before launching a new company.

 

  

Naveenkumar Murugan   in Level Up Coding  ·

4 min read

  

 

Build cloud Architecture Diagrams in 1 Minute (This Tool is Crazy Fast!)

Using ChatGPT and Diagrams python package

 

  

Yanli Liu   in Towards Data Science  ·

10 min read

  

 

Building Local RAG Chatbots Without Coding Using LangFlow and Ollama

A Quick Way to Prototype RAG Applications Based on LangChain

 

  

Aniket Hingane   in Artificial Intelligence in Plain English  ·

19 min read

  

 

Let’s Build One Person Business Using 100% AI

AI made it possible for 9-to-5 workers to start a one-person business without quitting their jobs.

 

  

Dr. Walid Soula   in ILLUMINATION’S MIRROR  ·

3 min read

  

 

How Many GPUs Do You Really Need for Model Training?

Are you intrigued by the computational resources necessary for training and running a model? Let’s dive in

 

  

Miha Rajšter  ·

5 min read

 

10 Cheap Desk Upgrades Every Programmer Needs #DeskSeries

You’ve undoubtedly come across those ubiquitous “Top 10 Essential Desk Items Under $100” lists. For some…

 

  

Thomas Reid   in AI Advances  ·

10 min read

  

 

New Pandas rival, FireDucks, brings the smoke!

Pandas goes head-to-head with a new competitor

 

  

Michelle Coventry  ·

11 min read

 

Founder Compensation 2024

Insights into early-stage entrepreneur compensation in Europe

 

  

J I L L I A N   in ILLUMINATION  ·

4 min read

  

 

How Much YouTube Paid Me for 600 Videos with 2.8M Views in 9 Months

The Reality of Music Reaction Video Earnings

 

  

Meng Li   in The Pythoneers  ·

4 min read

  

 

Google Lays Off Flutter and Dart Teams Following Python Team Cuts

The Truth Behind Google’s Mass Layoffs: How Tech Giants Adapt in the Era of AI

 

  

Sarath Krishnan   in Stackademic  ·

2 min read

 

Flutter Storm 4.0 is coming.

I recently read a surprising claim that Flutter is dead. As someone keen on learning and mastering Flutter…

 

  

Datadrifters  ·

19 min read

  

 

Llama 3 Powered Voice Assistant: Integrating Local RAG with Qdrant, Whisper…

Voice-enabled AI applications will forever change how we interact with technology.

 

  

Yumo Bai  ·

8 min read

 

Why are most LLMs decoder-only?

Dive into the rabbit hole of recent advancement in Large Language Models



See more of what you like and less of what you don’t.



Control your recommendations  



Read from anywhere.



  

  

Sent by Medium  ·Medium, 548 Market St, PMB 42061, San Francisco, CA 94104

Unsubscribe   from this type of email·Switch to the Weekly Digest  ·Careers  ·Help Center  ·Privacy Policy  ·Terms of service  

  

