Subject: Extract information automatically: No-code plus ChatGPT workflow | Sjoerd Tiemensma in Use AI
Sender: Medium Daily Digest
Received Time: 2024-06-22 07:40:22.577000+00:00
Body:   

  

Stories for Marwane Kassa  

@marwane.kassa  ·Become a member  

  



Today's highlights



 

  

Sjoerd Tiemensma   in Use AI  ·

9 min read

  

 

Extract information automatically: No-code plus ChatGPT workflow

Complete guide to a workflow that allows you to automatically extract any information from any sort of…

 

  

Marco Rodrigues   in Python in Plain English  ·

13 min read

  

 

How to Make Python Forms as a Pro

Learn how to use Flask-WTF with Jinja templates to build outstanding forms that can be used for the most…

 

  

Rachel Greenberg   in Entrepreneurship Handbook  ·

9 min read

  

 

5 Multi-Million-Dollar Businesses You Can Start Now (That Are Fun, Scalable, &…

You don’t need to learn coding, be instafamous, employ AI, or raise venture capital to start these…

 

  

Henrique Centieiro & Bee Lee   in Limitless Investor  ·

6 min read

  

 

52% Returns in 30 Days: Your GPT-4o Quant Trading Bot Strategy

How to Profit in Any Market Condition with GPT-4o’s Mean Regression Strategies

 

  

Axel Schwanke  ·

27 min read

 

Semantic Layer — One Layer to Serve Them All

Bridging the Gap between Technology and Business

 

  

Tessa Schlesinger Global Atheist Am Yisrael Chai.   in Tessa’s Web-log  ·

7 min read

  

 

How Do You Recognize Someone Truly Intelligent?

There is only one characteristic that separates them from others.

 

  

Aditya Darekar   in Mac O’Clock  ·

12 min read

 

How Apple Notes is a silent game-changer for your productivity on Mac

In a world full of Notion, Evernote and Obsidian users, an app like Apple Notes might come off as too primary…

 

  

Mark OBrien  ·

8 min read

  

 

Building Knowledge Graphs with LangChain & Neo4J

Knowledge Graphs

 

  

Vishal Rajput   in AIGuys  ·

10 min read

  

 

TextGrad: Controlling LLM Behavior Via Text

TextGrad backpropagates textual feedback provided by LLMs to improve individual components of a compound AI…

 

  

Jan Kammerath  ·

7 min read

  

 

Underground AI — Unlimited Chat & Image Generation On Your Computer

Most people have heard of ChatGPT, Microsoft’s Copilot, Google Gemini or the image generator DALL-E. If…

 

  

Thomas Reid   in AI Advances  ·

9 min read

  

 

Improving LLMs with OLLAMA and RAG

Enhancing Language Models for Next-Gen Applications

 

  

The PyCoach   in Artificial Corner  ·

5 min read

  

 

ChatGPT Users Will Love These Amazing GPT-4o Use Cases

Ten use cases for the new GPT-4o.

 

  

Andrew Best   in Artificial Intelligence in Plain English  ·

3 min read

  

 

Did Google just Kill Perplexity AI?

Is Google’s new AI overview a direct attack on Perplexity?

 

  

Simone Tedeschi   in Generative AI  ·

5 min read

  

 

The Most Comprehensive LLM Course on GitHub

The 2024 Guide to Mastering Large Language Models

 

  

KayDee   in Predict  ·

6 min read

 

You Need To Learn AI in 2024! (And Here Is Your Roadmap)

Photo by Maximalfocus on Unsplash

  



See more of what you like and less of what you don’t.



Control your recommendations  



Read from anywhere.



  

  

Sent by Medium  ·Medium, 548 Market St, PMB 42061, San Francisco, CA 94104

Unsubscribe   from this type of email·Switch to the Weekly Digest  ·Careers  ·Help Center  ·Privacy Policy  ·Terms of service  

  

