Subject: 7 Things I Should’ve Learnt Much Earlier For Python Functions | Liu Zuo Lin in Level Up Coding
Sender: Medium Daily Digest
Received Time: 2024-06-24 07:41:13.728000+00:00
Body:   

  

Stories for Marwane Kassa  

@marwane.kassa  ·Become a member  

  



Today's highlights



 

  

Liu Zuo Lin   in Level Up Coding  ·

5 min read

  

 

7 Things I Should’ve Learnt Much Earlier For Python Functions

# But somehow didn’t

 

  

Uzman Ali   in Write the 1%  ·

3 min read

  

 

The Solopreneur: He Makes $2M With 0 Employees

The rare journey of the creator

 

  

Santiago M. Quintero  ·

10 min read

 

How to do a startup, according to YC data

Lessons learned from studying 4,000+ YC Companies

 

  

JuanBa Tomás  ·

4 min read

  

 

My 25 startup ideas: 2024 edition

Either you find them useful or thought-provoking, comment down below, propose your own idea and let’s discuss…

 

  

Andreas Stöckl   in DataDrivenInvestor  ·

7 min read

 

New Chunking Method for RAG-Systems

Enhanced Document Splitting

 

  

Kishor K  ·

10 min read

  

 

AI Agents: The Profitable Future You Can’t Ignore (Unlock Profitable…

Discover how AI agents are revolutionizing industries & creating massive profit potential. Learn how to…

 

  

Tobias Charles   in Career Paths  ·

5 min read

  

 

This Is How You Spot A Manager Who’s Genuinely Great

What I’ve learned from decades in the workforce about recognising subtle signs you’re in good hands

 

  

Aniket Hingane  ·

6 min read

  

 

Flow Engineering : Why It’s Future of Coding in the Age of AI

Revolutionary approach to reshape the way we write code with the aid of AI

 

  

Jake Roper   in Better Marketing  ·

7 min read

  

 

How This Chrome Extension Used Simple Marketing To Get Acquired By PayPal For…

The incredible story of how a ‘small’ Chrome extension used simple tactics to secure a multi-billion dollar…

 

  

Dave Schools   in Entrepreneurship Handbook  ·

6 min read

  

 

The $385k Domain We Never Should Have Bought

Recent stories and tips for buying great domains for your new product or business idea

 

  

Dario Radečić   in Towards Data Science  ·

10 min read

  

 

Python One Billion Row Challenge — From 10 Minutes to 4 Seconds

The one billion row challenge is exploding in popularity. How well does Python stack up?

 

  

Luca Restagno  ·

6 min read

 

I’ve sold my 4th SaaS as a solopreneur. The backstory.

I have great news, I sold my 4th SaaS product!

 

  

Andrew Best   in Artificial Intelligence in Plain English  ·

3 min read

  

 

GPT-4o — Are We being LIED to?

Are we being lied to by Open AI (and others) about how quickly AI is improving?

 

  

Dylan Cooper  in Stackademic  ·

7 min read

  

 

Google Python Team Entirely Laid Off, Flutter Team Also “Facing the Axe”

Google’s good news and bad news came very suddenly.

 

  

Yennhi95zz   in Data And Beyond  ·

9 min read

  

 

How to Easily Automate Web Scraping with a Simple Data Pipeline

LLM for fully automated web scraping, creating an end-to-end data extraction process that streamlines your…

  



See more of what you like and less of what you don’t.



Control your recommendations  



Read from anywhere.



  

  

Sent by Medium  ·Medium, 548 Market St, PMB 42061, San Francisco, CA 94104

Unsubscribe   from this type of email·Switch to the Weekly Digest  ·Careers  ·Help Center  ·Privacy Policy  ·Terms of service  

  

