Subject: Demystifying PDF Parsing 02: Pipeline-Based Method | Florian June in AI Advances
Sender: Medium Daily Digest
Received Time: 2024-06-23 07:41:14.190000+00:00
Body:   

  

Stories for Marwane Kassa  

@marwane.kassa  ·Become a member  

  



Today's highlights



 

  

Florian June   in AI Advances  ·

18 min read

  

 

Demystifying PDF Parsing 02: Pipeline-Based Method

Overview, Implementation Strategies and Insights

 

  

Edwindoit  ·

5 min read

 

Killer apps to organize your digital workspace — 2024 edition

This is the digital setup I use to be more effective in 2024. The purpose of my workspace is to optimize…

 

  

Júlio Almeida   in Towards AI  ·

6 min read

  

 

Phi-3 and Azure: PDF Data Extraction | ExtractThinker

How to combine Azure Document Intelligence and Phi-3 to extract data from files

 

  

Aaron Dinin, PhD   in The Startup  ·

4 min read

  

 

Are You Accidentally Building the Second Hardest Type of Startup?

Most people don’t even realize the problem until it’s too late

 

  

Practicus AI   in Level Up Coding  ·

9 min read

  

 

The 5 Prompt Engineering Techniques AI Engineers Need to Know

⭐ I highly recommend joining our Mighty Quotes Group. We are over 12,000 people learning the deeper meaning…

 

  

Melissa Richard  ·

18 min read

 

New Computer Setup for Techies 2024: NeoVim and Ollama and fish, oh my!

Greetings Cloudlings!!

 

  

Andrew Best   in Artificial Intelligence in Plain English  ·

3 min read

  

 

You are Using ChatGPT Wrong! — #1 Mistake 99% of Users Make

Prompt Engineering “Gurus” are recommending this same prompting mistake over and over again.

 

  

Tessa Rowan  ·

3 min read

  

 

A Boring Idea Turned into $9273 per Month Business

Discover How You Can Transform Simple Ideas into Revenue-Generating Ventures

 

  

Dr. Walid Soula   in ILLUMINATION  ·

6 min read

  

 

List of Different Ways to Run LLMs Locally

In this article we will see different ways to run any LLMs locally, Pin this article so you can test…

 

  

Uzman Ali  ·

4 min read

  

 

How This Kid Made $30,000,000 at the Age of 17

Story of a genius kid, who sold his ideas for millions

 

  

Daniel Warfield   in Towards Data Science  ·

47 min read

  

 

CUDA for AI — Intuitively and Exhaustively Explained

Parallelized AI from scratch in CUDA

 

  

Chris Messina  ·

3 min read

  

 

Did Apple just declare war on OpenAI?

Does the Internet Accounts prefpane predict ChatGPT’s fate?

 

  

Ling Huang  ·

7 min read

  

 

Large Language Model — LLM Model Deployment

With the continuous development of AI, LLM has gradually expanded from a single natural language processing…

 

  

Shenggang Li   in DataDrivenInvestor  ·

12 min read

  

 

Time Series Forecasting: A Comparative Analysis of SARIMAX, RNN, LSTM, Prophet…

Assessing the Efficiency and Efficacy of Leading Forecasting Algorithms Across Diverse Datasets

 

  

Peter Flook   in Data Engineer Things  ·

9 min read

  

 

Providing your documents to an LLM on your laptop

A step-by-step example of how you can provide your own set of documents to an LLM to answer your questions…



See more of what you like and less of what you don’t.



Control your recommendations  



Read from anywhere.



  

  

Sent by Medium  ·Medium, 548 Market St, PMB 42061, San Francisco, CA 94104

Unsubscribe   from this type of email·Switch to the Weekly Digest  ·Careers  ·Help Center  ·Privacy Policy  ·Terms of service  

  

